[stomping]
[intro song plays]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
RUNNING AWAY
[humming]
Let the vacation begin!
I'm gonna watch last week's finale
of Werewolf: The Teriyaki Boys.
The protagonist Johnny's favorite,
cola and takoyaki: check!
Tissues to wipe away
my tears of emotion: check!
Phone turned off
to avoid distractions: check!
And so it begins!
Oh, did you see the season finale
of Werewolf: The Teriyaki Boys?
I can't believe Johnny was actually
a tanuki and not a wolf!
[gasps]
And Johnny was a girl! I was so shocked
to find out he was a tanuki woman.
[screams]
-What?
-Mom, why would you say that?
I'm about to watch it!
Oh, you haven't seen it yet?
Sorry, I thought you had.
I was saving it
as a special vacation treat!
I even stopped using social media
to avoid any spoilers.
[groans]
You robbed my life of all happiness!
Come on, don't be so dramatic.
I'm not being dramatic!
Jeez! Mom, I hate you!
-[crying]
-Oh dear.
Unbelievable!
Mom is so insensitive!
I don't want to see her face again today!
♪ Even though I lost big
at the racetrack today ♪
♪ I'm still lucky
cause it was so much fun! ♪
[giggles happily]
Huh?
Naoko? What are you doing here?
Nothing.
You're not going home?
I don't have a home to return to.
[gasps in surprise]
Naoko, are you homeless?
That's not what I meant.
Yay, Naoko is homeless!
I never said that!
And isn't "yay" the wrong reaction?
Naoko, if you don't have a home,
you can come live at my house.
Your house?
[Bibilian] I'm back.
-Hi!
[gasps]
-Naoko?
-Thanks for having me.
So, this is what an alien's house is like.
Huh?
What're these buttons for?
Whoa! What's this?
No, don't!
[screaming]
[thuds]
What was that?
A black hole!
A black hole?
Why would you have that?
Why else?
To throw away trash.
It's handy because you can throw
everything away without sorting it.
Then what's this do?
No, don't!
That's a white hole.
It's for retrieving stuff
we threw out by mistake.
[shouts]
Oh, sorry.
Gosh!
[Naoko] Thank you.
Stay as long as you like.
You can even stay forever.
Hey, where am I going to sleep?
Right next to me--
What?
I mean, there's a room upstairs, too.
Use it as you wish.
There's a second story?
Would you like to see it?
[beeps]
Huh? What's this?
An electronic transmission device.
It's sending you upstairs.
Wow, that sounds so extraterrestrial!
How much longer?
I didn't know that it takes so long
to transport an Earthling.
We're transported in an instant.
Earthlings are lower lifeforms after all.
Naoko!
What do you want?
Even as a floating head,
you still look so beautiful!
Yuck! Get away from me.
I know in your heart, you love me, too.
Never ever!
[roars]
[screams]
Naoko said she's staying with the aliens
over vacation.
Has she become friends with them?
Don't worry, she seems to be
doing just fine.
Ribbit?
A few days later...
Huh? Where's Big Brother?
He went to get lunch for Naoko.
What? We're here to conquer Earth!
But he's crazy for Naoko,
so there's nothing we can do.
You don't mind if he keeps
chasing after her like this?
Don't you think that's up to him--
[gasps[]
[growls]
[Drop] Or not.
We need to do something!
Like what?
We need Naoko to go home.
Bibilian will become a total loser alien
if we don’t do something.
First, we need to find out
why Naoko can't go home.
[Drop] That's Naoko's house.
[Naoko] Oh, it's my mom.
Isn't she worried about me?
Wait, why is my house on screen?
[Bibilien] I'm back.
[humming happily]
Why are there so many cameras
pointed at Naoko's house?
So I can see Naoko. Why else?
[laughs]
-Uh...
-Big Brother...
But I no longer have to do that.
Now that we live together,
I can hang out with her anytime!
Needless to say,
you can't ever tell Naoko about this.
[laughs]
Big Brother, behind you.
Here's your barbecue lunch box.
Spying on people is never okay!
[roars]
[screaming]
Is Naoko coming home soon?
Should I go pick her up?
I hope she's not hurt or sick or anything.
You can't live life worrying all the time.
Anyway, she's doing just fine.
Really?
Take a look.
[Dad] So she is!
Her fire is more intense than ever,
so she must be really mad.
She's going to feel pretty down
once she changes back.
Really?
I'll make Naoko some curry rice.
It's her favorite.
Naoko's coming home?
[sighs]
I did it again.
I can't stay at Bibilian's place anymore.
Welcome home.
[Naoko] It's nice to be home.
Wait! You didn't believe I ran away?
Not in the least.
But I was so mad!
Oh, really?
Why were you mad?
You won't believe what Mom did...
[munching]
[sighs happily] Yummy!
There's more if you want.
Okay!
Wait, why was I so mad again?
[Naoko] Oh, never mind!
[all laugh]
[Dad] Never mind, ribbit!
[Mom] Oh, Naoko!
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪